(snarling)
He's the monster I
ran into before...
(angrily yells)
This is bad.
If he lands even
one of those hits,
it could be enough to kill us.
We have to notify Konohamaru
Sensei right away!
(chuckles)
I'm gonna kill you both now!
I'm gonna get you first!
Oh no!
Big bro!
Damn it, I told you to contact
me
if you encountered trouble!
Boruto!
That was a close call.
Thank you, Mitsuki!
(Jugo roars)
I'm really gonna
enjoy killing you!
It looks like we're
hardly having any effect.
This is bad...
Full Curse Mark Transformation.
Curse Mark Transformation?
Right now, he's being controlled
by homicidal impulses.
But in any event, we're too
close to the village here.
C'mon, we're going to
have to draw him away!
(grunts)
(chuckles)
(roars)
(yells)
Wind Style: Gale Palm!
Did that work?
(yells)
Are you okay, Sarada?
Yeah, thanks!
But his strength is no joke.
Damn it!
Hold on!
You guys provide backup.
(laughs)
No!
It's all over for you!
He's... absorbing my chakra!
No way!
Stay back!
I'll protect them,
no matter what!
(yells)
Rasengan!
(pants)
Sensei!
(sighs)
This is our chance to stop him!
No, Boruto.
Come back!
Sarada!
Yes, sir.
(groans)
(pants)
No, please, just
stay away from me!
Boruto!
You know that we're not
authorized to fight him, right?
Come on, it isn't
time to bring that up.
If we ignore this, then more
people are just gonna get hurt!
And besides, if Jugo
is injured right now,
we may be able to
actually stop him.
I'm not letting you get away!
(gasps)
There!
His body is going
back to normal now.
It appears that the
Curse Mark has subsided.
But we can't let our
guard down just yet.
Wow, it's actually really
quiet and peaceful out here.
I wonder why he came
to this place...
Big brother!
(groans)
There has to be a
reason behind all this.
So what are you doing now?
I want to compare
Jugo's affliction
with what's making
the birds rampage
and discover if
it's the same thing.
Still, to find the
natural habitat
of the Wild Leaf Goose
here, of all places...
The Wild Leaf Goose?
It's a rare bird that's in
danger of going extinct.
I've never seen this many
together in one place before!
(grunts)
(Tosaka exclaims)
So are you still
looking to fight us?
(bird caws)
No, stop!
Hey, what are you
doing to that bird?
Its Curse Mark disappeared!
What's going on?
Aren't you the one
who's been spreading
the Curse Mark to all the birds?
(pants)
Mr. Jugo, answer me!
I've got nothing at all to say
to anybody who kills birds.
What are you talking about?
Hold on, that's...
Your kunai.
That's 'cause...
(huffs)
Hey, wait!
[Sumire] Konohamaru Sensei!
(grunts)
Big brother!
What happened to all
of you out there?
It appears that your jonin
has become terribly exhausted!
You see...
It was nothing at all.
I'm really sorry if we
caused you to worry.
Oh yes, I see.
That's good to hear.
Why didn't you tell
him what's going on?
I just don't wanna
make him worry,
especially not before
we know all the facts.
It appears to me that his chakra
was extracted during the battle.
Are you gonna be okay, then?
I should recover after four
or five days of resting.
Sorry, not great timing, is it?
(chuckles) Don't
sweat it, we're on it.
But still, couldn't
you have been infected
with the Curse Mark when you
were fighting against Jugo?
I mean, I thought the whole
idea was that the birds
get the Curse Mark
through their injuries.
Mr. Tosaka, you were examining
Jugo earlier, weren't you?
Did you find out anything?
I doubt we need
to worry about him
being infected with
the Curse Mark.
What do you mean?
Well, you see...
Earlier, I was able to take
a sample of Jugo's blood.
And then I compared
it with blood
taken from the infected birds.
And it appears that
the two Curse Marks
have a different
genetic make-up.
Which means the birds' Curse
Mark didn't come from Jugo,
is that what you're saying?
Well, I have to say that
I'm not a Curse Mark expert,
so I can't be entirely sure.
But regardless of the
Curse Mark's source,
it's gonna be bad if
Jugo goes berserk again.
Do you think it's okay to
leave him alone, Sensei?
Uh, about that...
(groans)
Tell me, Mitsuki.
Do you know what
this device might be?
I found it on the
ground near Jugo before.
It looks like it was made
at Orochimaru's
research facility.
Although, I'm not exactly
sure what it does.
It's a tranquilizer.
And it's a very strong one, too.
You licked that
thing, didn't you?
I think it's medicine
to temporarily suppress
the Curse Mark's power.
Okay, here's what we'll do now.
Team 15 will return
to the village.
Report on the situation
and request backup.
[Team 15] Yes, sir.
Team 7 will stay and
keep an eye on Jugo.
Also, there may be more
of those tranquilizers
that suppress the Curse Mark.
If you have a chance,
get ahold of them.
Understood.
Don't take any chances.
And avoid combat at all costs.
We still don't know just
what Jugo's been up to
out there in the forest.
So we'll do our
best to find out.
So what do you think he's doing?
(bird caws)
You think... that it
could be connected
with the Curse
Mark on the birds?
(grunts)
I can't believe it!
That's incredible!
There you go.
(both gasp)
Are you okay?
Can you hear us, Jugo?
Are you actually able to extract
the Curse Mark from those birds?
(heavy breathing)
He's enduring so much pain.
The love he has for
them must run deep!
(Jugo grunts)
This is beginning
to look very bad...
What do you mean by that?
Jugo's body isn't
able to fully control
the Curse Mark's power.
That's horrible!
He can't suppress the power
of the birds' Curse Mark.
And it's running rampant
inside of his body.
(heavy breathing)
I'm really sorry we didn't
trust you, Mr. Jugo.
Leave now.
(heavy breathing)
This is the place from before...
Don't, Boruto.
But why not?
(Jugo groans)
Mr. Jugo, I don't understand.
Why won't you let us help you?
We want the same things, right?
Just go!
Get away from here!
Now!
No way, we can't just leave you
when you're in that condition!
This doesn't... concern you.
C'mon, please, just let us-
[Jugo] I don't want
to hurt anyone!
Hey, you sure you're all right?
(loud boom)
(Jugo laughs)
I'll kill you!
I'll slaughter you, all of you!
It's made so he's trapped
once he's undergone
Curse Mark transformation.
(laughs)
Come over here!
(growls)
Jugo sure seems like he's
in a lot of pain now.
(snarling)
(heavy breathing)
I told you to leave.
You have medicine to
suppress the Curse Mark.
If the time between your
homicidal episodes decreases,
if worse comes to
worst, we should be able
to use the medicine on
you ourselves, right?
No, you can't.
Just leave me alone.
Yeah, fine.
All right, just suit yourself.
Boruto!
If that's the case, then we'll
just do whatever we want!
Even if you say not to,
we're still gonna help you
to save the birds.
And we'll stop you when
you get outta control, too.
That's our mission.
Suit yourself.
We'll pay you back double
for doubting you
in the first place.
(bird caws)
Wait, why'd you bother to
check that bird just now?
It wasn't even acting
strange or anything.
Hey!
Please, come on,
don't ignore us!
I was checking for a Curse Mark.
You mean you can
really tell whether one
has a Curse Mark or
not just by looking?
You can tell by their eyes.
If they're red, they
have a Curse Mark.
Seriously, you can
tell just from that?
It could be in its
incubation period.
Incubation period?
Yes, that's right.
It's the time between
when the infection starts
and the symptoms
begin to appear.
Actually, it's possible
that this unknown Curse Mark
displays the same
property as well.
So, if we simply look
for red-eyed birds,
maybe we can capture them
before they go into a frenzy.
Is that correct?
And if so, then they can be
saved without injuring them.
(smirks)
You're an expert on birds,
isn't that right, Mr. Tosaka?
Have you been able to
find any clues so far
about what could be causing
the Curse Mark in these birds?
The cause, huh?
Well, you know, only
Wild Leaf Geese live here
because this species of birds
has a strong
territorial instinct.
I think that provides
a strong clue.
You're saying that
Wild Leaf Geese
have distinct
habitats, is that it?
By investigating where the
infected birds came from,
we may be able to
learn the cause.
Leave it to the expert, I guess!
I want to do my very best
to save the birds, too.
All right.
You can just leave it to
me to discover the source!
What are you doing here?
(gasps)
Based on that headband of yours,
I'm guessing that you're
Hidden Leaf shinobi.
That's right, we are.
This is Land of
Rivers territory.
Shinobi from other villages
are forbidden to enter.
We're very sorry, we didn't
realize where we were.
Yeah, we were just asked
to come to this area
on a mission to study
the birds that live here.
What?
You guys were too?
You mean the Land of
Rivers was also...?
That's right.
We don't know why, but
the number of incidents
of birds going wild has
been on the rise lately.
You three.
If you have any
information about it,
will you please
share it with us?
Information, huh?
Well, we just started
investigating,
so don't have
anything to share yet.
I see.
All right, then.
If you learn anything,
please just let us know.
Why didn't you tell
those Land of Rivers guys
about me before?
I don't know.
Well, anyway, we
can't save the birds
if you aren't around
to help them out.
Come on, let's
just keep on going!
(groans)
Mr. Jugo!
Get away!
Hurry!
Get far away from me!
Run!
Wait, come back!
Mr. Jugo!
(labored breathing)
The tranquilizers!
(groaning)
Oh, this is bad.
What do we do?
We've gotta stop him,
it's the only way.
But right now, Jugo's
too dangerous for us!
(groaning)
Yeah, but still... we have to!
(yells)
Let's get into the cave!
I can't allow you
to stay with me.
But, Mr. Jugo...
Didn't I already tell you?
We're gonna do whatever we want!
And all we wanna do
is help you, Mr. Jugo.
You can't.
Just go.
Look, we're not able
to save the birds.
But you can help them!
Besides, if the Curse Mark
takes control of you again,
who's gonna be there
to help the birds
if there's no one to help you?
Listen, don't worry!
It's gonna be easy, no
matter how many times
you go into a rampage.
Boruto...
I'm counting on you.
Just leave it to me, ya know?
It looks like we're
gonna reach the village
by the end of the day.
I think you're right, let's
hurry!
(exclaims)
What have we here?
What are shinobi doing
in a place like this?
What village are you guys from?
It's proper manners to
introduce yourself first.
Careful, she blocked
your attack, big brother.
You're right, that
means she's pretty good.
I'm just dying to test
your skills against mine!
(giggles)
What are those?
What are they doing?!
All right.
Now, it's time for me
to have a little fun!
(giggles)
Didn't find any leads, huh?
I checked everything that I
could think of, but still...
Do you know of any
other times in the past
when a Curse Mark has
spread as widely as this?
I've never heard of
anything like this.
I tried investigating the
cause in the beginning
but also found nothing.
I wonder... if this means
something unusual's going on.
The target has been confirmed.
I'll continue to
observe for now.
[Boruto] I heard that
goose lost the genes
that gave him the ability to
fly.
Doesn't it really all depend
on how hard he tries to fly?
[Jugo] There are some things
that effort alone can't
accomplish.
Some paths are
simply predestined.
Like it is for me, because
of this Curse Mark.
But it's different
for the birds.
[Boruto] Next time on Boruto:
Naruto Next Generations,
"The Predestined Path".
[Jugo] The birds have a future.
I'll make sure of
that by saving them.